Olivia Hye: We're going on a trip today~
Go Won: Shopping!
Go Won: Our goal! Buying at least one item!
(Will they succeed?)
Go Won & Olivia Hye: See you!
Go Won: It's beautiful, but I'm not sure that a film for this camera is selling in Korea...
Olivia Hye: This back looks cute, right?
Go Won: But it is over 200,000 won
Olivia Hye: Aw, it's not a suitable place for our shopping
'Why didn't you buy anything?'
Olivia Hye: You know, we just short of one dollar to purchase something
Olivia Hye: That's the reason we couldn't buy~
(Okay, let's eat first!)
Olivia Hye: It's like I'm doing an eating show~
Olivia Hye: We ate it up all~
Go Won: Shopping
Olivia Hye: It's time to go shopping again~
Go Won: To digest the food~
Olivia Hye: Ah~ I want to buy this~
Olivia Hye: Olivia Hye loves this kind of stuff...
(Olivia Hye likes a cute eraser like this)
Olivia Hye: Oh, carrot! It's my favorite!
Olivia Hye: But I have no reason to use it...
(Go Won & Olivia Hye didn't buy anything)
Olivia Hye: We didn't buy...
Go Won: We bought nothing~
Go Won: Ah, I don't know!
Olivia Hye: There was nothing useful for me
Olivia Hye: Anyway, the streets of Paris were so beautiful!
Go Won: Buildings were also beautiful~
Olivia Hye: It was like... they're talking to me like... 'Bonjour~'
Go Won: It's fun~
Olivia Hye: It was very fun!